hey guys we have been talking a lot
about the new ipad 2 g and the thing i
didn't mention is that this new ipad 2
g.i / 2g why the hell do i say ipad 2
g.i obviously asked me in the normal
ipad to the next version of ipad so
Disney I / to this thing that i haven't
mentioned what we talked about at lunch
is that this new one will probably have
a Retina display and if you don't know
what the retina display is it's the same
kind of display as the iphone forgot the
transmission from the iphone 3gs to this
new iphone 4 it's basically better
written resolution on the screen and now
guys have found different kinds of
images in iBooks that is bigger than in
the previous version from the original
iPad and what it does seem like your
solution is going to be is 2048 x 1536
compared to the old one 1024 x 768 and
yeah if you hear 1024 x 768 it sounds
like a really horrible resolution yeah
it really does because yeah if you have
that on a computer it looks really
horrible but you also have to remember
that ipad is around nine inches yeah so
it's going to be kind of nice that is
probably how that and if it will have
that it would probably go up in price
they may have two different versions of
the ipad one with the original screen
1024 x 768 and one a little more
exclusive for 100 more boxes already
that with this new HD written let's play
and thing is that it's not simple or
easy to make these kinds of displays and
they made it on the iphone 4 yeah but
the screen is way way more you know it's
not a big it's not as huge
yeah that's what she said ya see it